USAGE - Georgia Tech Smoothing and Mapping library
---------------------------------------------------

What is this file?

	This file explains how to make use of the library for common SLAM tasks, 
	using a visual SLAM implementation as an example.
	
	
Getting Started
---------------------------------------------------
Install:
	Follow the installation instructions in the README file to build and 
	install gtsam, as well as running tests to ensure the library is working
	properly.

Compiling/Linking with gtsam:
  	The installation creates a binary "libgtsam" at the installation prefix,
  	and an include folder "gtsam".  These are the only required includes, but 
  	the library has also been designed to make use of XML serialization through
  	the Boost.serialization library, which requires the the Boost.serialization
  	headers and binaries to be linked.  
  	
  	If you use CMake for your project, you can use the CMake scripts in the 
  	cmake folder for finding GTSAM, CppUnitLite, and Wrap.  

Examples:
	To see how the library works, examine the unit tests provided.  
 

Overview
---------------------------------------------------
The GTSAM library has three primary components necessary for the construction
of factor graph representation and optimization which users will need to 
adapt to their particular problem.  

FactorGraph:
	A factor graph contains a set of variables to solve for (i.e., robot poses,
	landmark poses, etc.) and a set of constraints between these variables, which 
	make up factors.  
Values: 
	Values is a single object containing labeled values for all of the 
	variables.  Currently, all variables are labeled with strings, but the type 
	or organization of the variables can change
Factors:
	A nonlinear factor expresses a constraint between variables, which in the
	SLAM example, is a measurement such as a visual reading on a landmark or
	odometry.


VSLAM Example
---------------------------------------------------
The visual slam example shows a full implementation of a slam system.  The example contains
derived versions of NonlinearFactor, NonlinearFactorGraph, in classes visualSLAM::ProjectionFactor, 
visualSLAM::Graph, respectively. The values for the system are stored in the generic 
Values structure. For definitions and interface, see gtsam/slam/visualSLAM.h. 

The clearest example of the use of the graph to find a solution is in 
testVSLAM.  The basic process for using graphs is as follows (and can be seen in 
the test):
  - Create a NonlinearFactorGraph object (visualSLAM::Graph)
  - Add factors to the graph (note the use of Boost.shared_ptr here) (visualSLAM::ProjectionFactor)
  - Create an initial configuration (Values)
  - Create an elimination ordering of variables (this must include all variables)
  - Create and initialize a NonlinearOptimizer object (Note that this is a generic 
      algorithm that does not need to be derived for a particular problem)
  - Call optimization functions with the optimizer to optimize the graph
  - Extract an updated values from the optimizer
 
  